After weighing the options,
we've decided you'll repay us
with your body.
[question]
[smile]
[shock]
Hold on!
I meant you'll pay off your debt
by living and doing
manual labor here!
Yuzuki, please tell me
that he didn't threaten you!
How could you even suggest
something so inappropriate?
This is a nunnery after all,
and we don't go for those kinds
of shenanigans here!
-Everyone good?
-[TSUKUYO, MIA] We're fine.
In that case, Akagami,
if you're ready,
I'll show you around.
Let's do it!
Behold, the principal figure
of our temple.
Is that packing tape?
-[YUZUKI] Broke.
-[AKEMITSU] What?
We're broke.
I understand.
I'll do everything I can
to repay my debt
as fast as possible.
Every last bit of it!
[surprise]
Wow! Thank you so much!
But how about we take our time?
I'm still a bit confused
as to why someone like you
would want to join a temple
to begin with.
But I can tell
you're serious about it,
and that's greatly appreciated.
[moved] Aoba.
Better call me Yuzuki.
There's quite a few Aobas here.
[AKEMITSU]
Got it.
[YUZUKI]
Let me show you the other areas.
[AKEMITSU]
I'd love that.
[TSUKUYO] Something's
definitely wrong with Yuzuki.
They sure seem
to be getting along.
[TSUKUYO] Well, then we'll just
have to do something
about that, then, won't we?
We need to open Yuzuki's eyes!
Let's drive that guy
out of here now!
[MIA]
Yeah!
Then I suggest we go
with a seduction strategy.
[shock]
Hey, Kiki!
What are you doing here?
[laugh]
Sounds like you're up
to some shenanigans, Tsukuyo.
Am I right?
Here's your strategy.
Seduce Akagami,
and once he falls for it
and tries to make a move,
we kick him out.
Yuzuki won't be able
to object to that.
Not a bad plan.
But which one of us should
seduce him?
[KIKI]
Well, that's easy.
The girl with the sexiest body,
of course.
[question]
Which girl
are you talking about?
No way, not me?
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
What about you, Kiki?
-Your breasts are huge, too!
-I could never.
I happen to be a nun.
[annoyed] You're only a nun
when it's convenient.
-Best of luck to you, Tsukuyo!
-Yay, you've got this, sweetie!
No, I don't!
Please, Tsukuyo,
you're the sexiest girl here!
What?
Bu-but! Ah!
[alarm clock rings]
[AKEMITSU]
Perfect.
I'm nearly back to being
who I used to be.
[TSUKUYO] That's right,
my true blue incorruptible self.
Oh, hey, Akagami.
You're up bright and early.
Yuzuki.
[choked shock]
[YUZUKI]
Good morning.
[AKEMITSU] Oh, yes, um,
you're up early, too.
I need to ring the morning bell.
It's kinda like our alarm clock
around here, you know? Bye.
[speechless]
[AKEMITSU]
My worldly desires!
He was totally staring
at her tits.
I've got to find a way
to make him fully break.
[AKEMITSU] All right, everyone.
Breakfast is ready!
[smirk]
[TSUKUYO] I'll start
with a little warm-up.
I'll totally trash his cooking.
That'll get him.
[MIA]
Let's eat.
[TSUKUYO]
It's so good!
What the heck?
He's a better cook
than any of us!
Oh, my gosh,
I could eat this every day.
Seems like you're enjoying it.
I'm so glad!
[surprise]
[AKEMITSU]
The skills I've acquired
striving for independence
are paying off.
I lost my composure a little
earlier, but she's right.
There's no need to rush.
[TSUKUYO]
Hey, what's up?
Oh, hey. Can I...
[sputtering]
[TSUKUYO] Yes,
he's totally distracted by them.
I can spot a boob man
from a mile away.
I've got another job for you,
Mr. Manservant. Follow me.
[AKEMITSU]
Sure.
What is this?
Those are work clothes
for temple monks, of course,
and that's what you'll wear
from here on out.
[TSUKUYO] Yeah, no.
Those are summer clothes.
The material is thin,
and it doesn't come with shoes.
Wearing that in November
at this temple will be hell.
He'll run away long before-
Second Daughter,
thank you so much!
[shock]
-[cheer]
-[TSUKUYO] Why is he so happy?
And what does he mean,
"Second Daughter?"
Anyway, get to work.
You can start by cleaning.
Got it!
[AKEMITSU]
I already finished cleaning!
[TSUKUYO] Whoa! You really did!
It's all so clean!
But there's also the bath,
and you gotta clean the toilet,
and don't forget the graves!
[AKEMITSU]
Of course!
[TSUKUYO] That would've taken
most people all day!
Okay, this is your next job.
Administrative
is a little trickier than just
There appears to be
an accounting error, here.
[question] No way.
-Show me where.
-[AKEMITSU] Right here.
-You just do this, and then...
-[Tsukuyo understand]
Wow, amazing.
How'd you do that?
[TSUKUYO]
Wait!
-No!
-[confused]
[TSUKUYO]
All right, then.
[struggle]
-[giggle]
-Tsukuyo asked me
to train you
in waterfall meditation.
And, sorry,
but we don't have a waterfall,
-so I had to improvise.
-It's fine! No problem at all.
[AKEMITSU] So,
this is waterfall meditation.
It's so cold.
I don't know
how long I can stand this!
If you can't take it anymore,
then why don't you just say so?
There's no point
in trying to be a hero.
[AKEMITSU]
No way! I shall persevere!
[YUZUKI] Hey, I'm home!
What in the world are you doing?
[confused]
[AKEMITSU]
Yuzuki in a school uniform?
[surprise]
What's this?
The warmth is returning
to my body.
The pain I felt a moment ago
is completely gone.
Could this be...
Nirvana?
I'm cleansed! Oh, yeah!
[YUZUKI] What's gotten into you,
Akagami?
You need to take a bath
and warm up.
[AKEMITSU]
Thank you!
Finally. Finally, I...
[frustrated] What can I do?
- Okay, just take a bath.
I guess there's only
one option left, huh?
[relief]
[AKEMITSU]
Today was such a good day.
Both my work and my search
for enlightenment
are going well.
I hope I've managed to repay
some of Yuzuki's kindness.
I shouldn't stay
in the bath too long.
I need to get ready for dinner.
-[relaxed]
-[question]
-[confused]
-[nervous]
[curious]
Excuse me, Tsukuyo!
I'm so sorry about that.
I didn't know you were...
[AKEMITSU] Whoa! Why
is she taking off her clothes?
Calm down. Review the situation.
You're Akemitsu Akagami.
It's no use! I don't understand!
What's going on here?
[smirk]
[TSUKUYO]
I started undressing too soon!
I must be stupid!
Only nymphos take off
their clothes that fast!
My clothes were supposed
to accidentally slip off,
and then Yuzuki would show up
right on cue,
and her mind would go blank
once she saw him naked,
and then...
Well, anyway,
I need to do something
about this situation.
It has to look like Akagami
is forcing himself on me
by the time she shows up.
If I show just
a little more skin,
then that should totally
force him to pounce on me.
No, I can't just do it!
Any more,
and they'll be exposed!
Then I'd really be a nympho!
-[AKEMITSU] Um, excuse me.
-[surprise]
Watch out!
Are you hurt, miss?
Tsukuyo! What happened?
I heard a really loud noise
and...
[scream]
Oh, my gosh, listen,
I'm so sorry,
I swear I didn't mean to let
things get this far out of hand.
I screwed up!
[TSUKUYO] Wait a minute?
Why am I making excuses?
One way or another,
hasn't my plan succeeded?
Hey, Akagami?
Uh, yes, ma'am?
[YUZUKI]
Would you mind leaving, please?
[AKEMITSU]
Okay.
[TSUKUYO]
Huh?
What?
-Okay?
-[MIA] Way to go, Tsukuyo!
I'm impressed!
You went above and beyond,
and really carried out
the whole "seduction strategy."
We're all very proud of you.
Wow, you really do
make a great nympho, huh?
That is one oddball compliment,
but, hey, I'll take it.
Well, go ahead and tell us
how you pulled it off.
[nervous laugh]
[TSUKUYO]
Like I could tell them!
[MIA] Now we've successfully
driven off that man.
[TSUKUYO]
So we drove him off, huh?
If it's what I wanted,
then why do I feel
so bad about it?
-Yuzuki.
-Huh?
What's up?
Hey, Yuzuki!
What's the deal?
Okay, this doesn't make sense.
I'd understand her
avoiding Akagami,
but why me?
-[slam door]
-Yuzuki!
Why are you avoiding me?
No! Just stay away from me!
[TSUKUYO]
What?
That's kind of a mean thing
to say!
The whole thing's
a little awkward for me, too.
But hey, that doesn't mean
you have to...
-Yuzuki?
-No, you don't understand!
Looking at your face
reminds me of what I saw.
It reminds you of what now?
Akagami's naked body.
Or rather,
a certain part of his body!
[laugh]
Wow, Yuzuki,
you are such a pervert.
What now?
You're the perverted one!
I heard about your little
"seduction strategy."
[surprise]
What? How did you know?
Kiki told me
about the whole thing.
That freakin' nun!
[TSUKUYO] Yuzuki, why did you
let Akagami join our temple?
Do you not like him?
I have no problem
with him as a person.
It just doesn't make sense
for a man to work here.
[thinking]
Yeah, to be honest,
I find it a little odd myself.
But I also believe doing so
is exactly what Mom
would've done.
You're so right.
Yep!
"Let anyone who wants to come
and join us, join." Right?
Regardless of gender.
That's what she'd say.
And Akagami seemed
really frustrated, too.
I believe he truly wanted
to change himself
when he showed up here.
Frustration is a sign
of earnestness.
I've only seen
shades of him so far,
but Akagami is so easy to read.
[TSUKUYO] Have I been unfair
in my assessment of him?
[sigh]
Aw, man. I'm just no match
for you, Yuzuki.
[TSUKUYO]
Come to think of it,
he was actually trying
to help me back there.
What do you think, Tsukuyo,
is it time we explain
this whole situation to Akagami?
Maybe a little late for that.
Akagami just packed
all his things and left.
[BOTH]
Huh?
The shame. There's no way
I can face her now.
[YUZUKI]
Hey, Akagami?
Would you mind leaving, please?
[AKEMITSU] Before
I disgrace myself any more
than I already have.
I'll turn myself in!
Yes, I confess.
A girl I live with saw me naked.
She then began
removing her clothes.
I accidentally kissed her
while she was doing that,
so now I'm here.
[COP] And don't come back.
[AKEMITSU]
Well, then.
I have no choice.
I'll just return
to my old place.
Oh, somebody else
has already moved in.
What? What about all my stuff?
[MANAGER]
I threw it out.
[AKEMITSU] Ah, I guess being
homeless is no big deal.
[surprise]
Who's doing the cooking?
I hope they're eating all right.
Eh, they'll be fine
as long as Yuzuki's there.
Though she seemed
sheltered at first,
she's actually
an independent woman.
She was even up
early this morning to...
[groans]
[AKEMITSU]
Am I having worldly thoughts?
No, impossible.
Now that I've achieved
enlightenment,
I'm above such desires.
Yes, it was the second
daughter's training
that helped me achieve
enlightenment.
She's beautiful, strong-willed,
and really seems to like
the opposite sex.
That said,
she was definitely shocked by...
[groans]
Why am I haunted
by worldly desires?
I thought I achieved Nirvana
meditating under that waterfall!
[rain pattering]
I mean, I should at least
repay my debt,
even if doing so
costs me my life!
It's a small price to pay!
What's wrong with me?
Am I just incapable of doing
anything on my own?
What are you doing, you fool?
It's the middle of winter!
You'll die!
Hey, Akagami!
Why won't you look at me!
Why are you being so stupid?
Because! It's too tempting!
[YUZUKI]
Unbelievable.
Why did you leave the temple
all of a sudden?
Huh? Well,
if you really need to know,
because you said to.
Huh?
I meant the bath!
I asked you to leave the bath,
you stupid boy!
-The bath?
-[YUZUKI] Listen to me, Akagami.
You're still just a child,
you know.
There's nothing wrong
with needing help.
The bath issue
could've been resolved
if there had only been
some explanation.
Oh.
You can start
relying on me more, now.
You're new to your training,
and you're just a child.
[thought]
Wait, how old are you, anyway?
-Oh, I'm twenty-one years old.
-[Yuzuki realize]
So, you're actually older
than I am.
Yuzuki Aoba.
I'm seventeen.
You're extremely polite.
You're a fully grown man!
There's no shame
in relying on others!
Huh?
[YUZUKI] And if you still
somehow haven't figured out
how to do that
by the age of twenty-one,
then you best believe
I'm gonna teach you!
I think it's high time
you learned!
[surprise]
[AKEMITSU]
Holy wow.
I had my suspicions,
but she truly is a meathead!
-[YUZUKI] Akagami.
-[AKEMITSU] Yes?
[YUZUKI] The first key to
achieving enlightenment is this.
No one should have to live
a hermit's life.
[awe]
Now that you've come
to our temple,
I will not let you live alone.
-What do you say to that?
-[uncertain]
You're here, too?
[nervous]
[TSUKUYO]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I tricked you.
And I'm sorry I assumed
you weren't serious.
No, I'm sorry about your boobs.
I mean that I touched them, and-
Would you please stop talking?
-[AKEMITSU] Right! Sorry again!
-[smile]
Let's go home.
Like right now.
-[TSUKUYO] I'm hungry.
-Okay, then.
[TSUKUYO] Right. Akagami,
hold out your hand.
That was my first kiss.
So you'd better pay up, quick.
Wait, for real?
[YUZUKI]
We're here.
Welcome back, I guess.
I've humbly made my return.
If you'll have me,
I'd like to rejoin your temple.
Oh, would you just shut up
and get inside?
Ah, what's going on?
Please tell me
what he's doing back here.
Uh, well,
I just figured it'd be okay
if he lived here, ya know?
-Thank you so much.
-[shock]
Mia?
[AKEMITSU]
What's wrong with her?
[TSUKUYO]
She's got issues.
Anyway, we should take a bath.
What do you say, Tsukuyo?
You really should.
Your clothes are practically
see-through, Second Dau-
-[groans]
-Don't worry about me, okay?
And also,
you'd best call me Tsukuyo.
Not that weird nickname.
Yes. Understood.
I'm glad you're back, Tsukuyo.
It's good to see you.
Kurage.
And I see you're back as well,
Akagami.
Yes! Very humbly,
Miss Third Daughter.
Kurage's "Miss Third Daughter,"
now?
Yuzuki said she'd be eagerly
awaiting you in the bath.
[amused] Well, it's not like
there's any big rush.
She's normally so level-headed.
I wonder
why she's so excited now?
Yeah,
she honestly used to be
a lot more stupid.
-[surprise]
She was totally carefree
and her mind was a blank.
In fact, you might say
there was nothing at all
-going on upstairs. [surprise]
-Kurage, stop.
Yuzuki was never
what you would call stupid,
but perhaps
it's fair to say she was-
-What, useless?
-Ugh, useless, really?
Yeah, you're starting
to give me a headache, you know.
[AKEMITSU] You mustn't say that,
Miss Third Daughter.
I mean, after all,
Yuzuki is your sister.
[TSUKUYO]
Yeah, that's right.
I think, perhaps a better word
for Yuzuki is "meathead."
You'd better watch yourself,
too.
[YUZUKI]
Tsukuyo, hurry up!
[TSUKUYO]
Okay, coming, Yuzuki.
I'm really off my game
these days.
Sometimes I think Tsukuyo's
in love with her sister.
[AKEMITSU] Well,
would you look at the time?
Miss Third Daughter,
I'm going to make us dinner.
[QUESTION]
I'll help.
[AKEMITSU]
So, uh, when you said earlier
that Yuzuki used to be dumb
and useless-
[KURAGE]
It's true.
[AKEMITSU]
I can't even imagine it.
Of course not.
I mean, you've only known her
a day or two, right?
[AKEMITSU]
True. You've got a point there.
But I really want to know more!
Badly!
No, no, no! That would be
an invasion of her privacy.
But then again...
There's 17 years
of Yuzuki that I don't know yet.
And I want to learn everything
as soon as I can!
Do you want to watch them
in the bath?
Where'd that come from?
You just said you wanted
to know everything.
Oh, my God, I'm so dumb.
I said that part out loud!
No! I didn't mean to say
anything so insolent.
Besides, this is a temple.
That would be an abomination.
Being a lustful perv
isn't all that serious.
Uh, why not?
[KURAGE]
Because you're human.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, think about this.
Even the Buddha has children.
I'm the child of a monk, too.
That means that a man
and a woman engaged in-
[AKEMITSU]
Stop, Miss Third Daughter.
[KURAGE] Yuzuki's
probably pervy, too, honestly.
In a closeted kinda way.
Closeted?
Meaning I don't think
she'd be mad if you peeped in.
Wait a second.
That logic is totally flawed.
[AKEMISU]
This girl.
She's so innocent, but that also
makes her dangerous!
Uh, um, I just don't think that-
Duh, I'm joking.
Teasing people like this
used to be Yuzuki's job,
and if I'm being honest,
I wish it still was.
But now she's changing,
and I guess she thinks
she's too good
for childish things like that.
Tsukuyo's changing, too.
She'd started to grow up,
little by little.
But since you showed up,
they've both been acting
kind of dumb again.
[surprise]
The truth is, I kind of like
them a little better dumb.
What I guess
I'm getting at with all this
is that I'm really glad
you came back.
So, welcome home.
[AKEMITSU]
You're such a nice girl!
-You don't need to thank me!
-But I want to thank you.
So I'll show you.
Now you'll know
everything about them.
No, please don't!
Miss Third Daughter!
-Stop!
-Twirly twirl.
[screams]
[shock, screams]
-[groans]
-[frustrated]
Kurage, you shouldn't tease
poor Akagami so much.
Yeah.
Do you understand,
Miss Third Daughter?
Please, no pervy stuff.
[amused]
[MIA]
Well, you seem to be having fun.
But!
This temple has become corrupt.
And it's your fault, Akagami!
[question]
[anger]
[amused]
Akagami saw something
that would embarrass
anybody, honestly.
No! Well, what did he see?
He saw me lick off
the ice cream stuck to the lid.
Oh, you had me freaked out.
I thought he saw something else.
[laugh] Oh, well I forgot
to mention, he saw my boobs.
Akagami, no!